Attendees:
- Maddie (AS&S)
- Thalia (AS&S)
- Chris (AL)
- Tye (IFC)
- Sam (CHFC)

Meeting Opened 1905

## Policy Suggestions

### Constitution
- [x] Clarify either the constitution or relevant bylaws that "compliant with applicable bylaws" requires matching constitution etc. My vote would be have a preamble to bylaws making it clear that Club Members and Endorsed Events must have compatible bylaws. 
- [x] DISCUSSION: Note that Individual Members only have equal voting rights on matters that do not bind Club Members. Is this acceptable?
- [x] DISCUSSION: Note that breaches of the code of conduct are "breaching of a duty of a bylaw". Is this sufficient?

### Event Policy
- [x] Requirement for a first-responder-trained official at endorsed events. 
- [x] Add relevance requirement for event endorsement. 
- [x] Need to clarify that event needs to comply with "all applicable policies". 

### Consultation Policy
- [x] Add relevance as a reason the committee can throw a proposal out, as well as constitution compatibility. 

### Code of Conduct
- [x] Desire for rewording of "immutable traits". I really don't like the idea of a list, because we'll always miss something, it prioritises some things over others, and it makes it cumbersome. Is there an alternate wording we could use that people are satisfied isn't potentially trans-exclusionary? "Protected characteristics including gender identity". 
	- This clause as written excludes WURG tournaments. Should we prohibiting organiser from this?
	- Do we even want this clause? What is the desired function of the clause?
	- Make it so everyone can always participate in at least one event? Is there a nice way to phrase this that makes it clear a gender split can't unilaterally exclude trans people?
	- "Meaningfully participate" might be the best way to frame it, given e.g. disability is also a concern. 
- [x] Desire to expand "shall not be intoxicated" to "shall not be intoxicated or under the influence of any other substance that impairs or alters judgement, physical coordination, or in any other way impacts a person's ability to engage in the sport safely"
- [x] Engaging with other fencing groups questionably worded. 
- [x] Fix weaselly "seek forgiveness". 


## ToDos

- Add requirement for trained first responder (minimum levels) (maybe just proximity to healthcare) to Safe Operating Procedures when drafting post-incorperation. 
